today on our 2012 Ford e-250 we're going
to be installing the WeatherTech bug
shield part number wt40265 fasteners
here on the driver's side we'll use
these two fasteners here now here we'll
use a pushpin fastener removal tool
slide it up underneath the pushpin pry
away
removing the fastener now we're only
going to remove the fasteners that the
bug guard will attach to we'll go ahead
and work our way from the driver's side
toward the passenger side now go ahead
and dry fit our shield to the hood here
now as this gets installed you'll want
to make sure that the bug shield was
underneath the molding that we've
removed the pushpin fasteners from so
now we've got the Philips head screw in
the plastic flat washer we'll put the
screw through the washer pass it through
the rubber molding here pass it through
our bug shield
and start it into the hole that we
removed the pin from now when we're
going to leave it loose for no until we
get all our fasteners in place once we
have all our fasteners in place we'll
then go back through and tighten them
down now here on the outer most
attachment points we'll be using the
self-tapping screw and will actually be
drilling a hole in the hood using the
screw to attach our bug shield now we'll
repeat this procedure for the passenger
side okay now that we have our two outer
fasteners in well go ahead and go back
to the four inboard fasteners and
tighten them down
and with all our fasteners tight our bug
shields on well now go ahead and shut
the hood now where the bug shield has
the potential to hit the body of the
vehicle we can use these rubber plugs
with the adhesive backing will adhere to
the body of the vehicle and it prevents
the bug shield from coming in contact
now the kit does come with four bumpers
however you may not need all four
and with all four bumpers in place
that'll complete our installation of the
stone and bug deflector from WeatherTech
part number wt40265